[YAWNING]
[gasping]
Umm. Hmm.
Hmm.
[knock on door]
Yeah, come in.
[HAPPY]
Are you going now?
Hey, mom..
...which one should I wear?
Hmm..
I'd go with that.
Hmm? Okay, this one.
[HAPPY]
I you already knew,
why did you ask?
Which ever one
you didn't pick
is the cuter one, that's why.
[AGREEMENT]
I see.
So, where are you going?
Lumiose City
to see Professor Sycamore
and get my very first Pokémon.
[EXCITED]
♪ I wanna be the very best ♪
♪ Like no one ever was ♪
♪ To catch them
is my real test ♪
♪ To train them is my cause ♪
♪ Pokémon gotta catch 'em all ♪
♪ It's you and me ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
♪ I know it's my destiny ♪
♪ Yeah you're my best friend
♪
♪ In a world we must defend ♪
♪ Pokémon gotta catch 'em all ♪
♪ Gotta catch 'em all ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪♪
ASH "A Battle Of
Aerial Mobility!"
NARRATOR In Lumiose City,
Ash
has just befriended Froakie.
His first Kalos
region Pokémon
at Professor Sycamore's
research lab.
PIKACHU
[HAPPY]
Come on!
Hurry it up, you two!
Ash, you can register
for the Kalos League
over this way!
Yeah, we know, Bonnie!
There's no need to rush
the Pokémon Center
will still be there.
Thanks a lot, Clemont.
It's nice of you
to bring me here.
Please think nothing
of it, Ash.
I confess,
I'm a little in awe of you.
In awe?
You were willing to do
anything you could
to help Pikachu and that
Garchomp back there.
Just watching
you gave me courage.
ASH
Oh, come on.
It wasn't that big of a deal.
It was. I can totally understand
why Froakie chose you.
PIKACHU
[EXCITED]
Hmm.
I'll just have to do better.
Hmm?
Sorry, just talking to myself.
Aah! Ha ha ha.
[AWED]
NURSE JOY
Good morning.
Good morning to you,
Nurse Joy.
At this Pokémon Center
helping Pokémon in need
is our number one goal.
'We're here for Trainers
and Pokémon alike.'
I was hopping you could help me
register for the Kalos League.
I sure can.
If you please touch this panel
with your Pokédex.
Okay.
[beeping]
REGISTRATION MACHINE 'Ash
from
Pallet Town, is now
registered'
'to enter the Kalos League.'
'Number of badges currently
in your possession, zero.'
'We wish you the best of luck.'
‐ Hmm.
‐ You're all set now, Ash.
Awesome, and I'm gonna win.
My next step in becoming
a Pokémon Master!
And every registered Trainer
is eligible to receive
a Kalos region
badge case, here.
[HAPPY]
'A Wigglytuff!'
PIKACHU
[EXCITED]
Why, yes.
Here in the Kalos Region
my able Pokémon Center
assistant is Wigglytuff.
That's great.
Thanks, Wigglytuff.
[PLEASED]
You're all registered.
Good luck!
Train and always do your best.
Right!
[chuckles]
Count on it!
[HAPPY]
Good new, Boss, we arrived
at the Kalos region on time
and according to plan.
Our goal is to catch
as many rare
and powerful Pokémon
as possible.
And we're totally
committed to that goal.
'You can count on us.'
Good. I'm certain
the Pokémon you catch
will be an important addition
to our work.
‐ 'Get to it.'
‐ Sir.
[chuckling]
TEAM ROCKET
Yeah!
JESSIE The Boss said
for us to get to it!
JAMES Counting on us!
Yippie yeah!
MEOWTH We're the first stubborn
Team Rocket to take over Kalos
'cause no one takes over
like we do!
[all laughing]
My croissant?
[EATING]
[SHOCKED]
ROTOM [LAUGHING] Hey, Rotom.
PIKACHU [HAPPY]
ROTOM [EXERTION]
Hello, Ash!
How are things so far?
Great! We arrived safely
in the Kalos region.
We're gonna start
our journey soon.
‐ Good, have fun on the road.
‐ Thanks.
I already got
my first Kalos Pokémon.
Wonderful!
Check it out!
[APPEARING]
Ah! What have we here!
'A Froakie, a Kalos
Water type Pokémon!'
You're right!
And you know everything!
PROFESSOR OAK Hey, Rotom!
I can't see! Move!
[ATTACK]
[groaning] [AMUSED]
[nervous chuckle]
Guys! Thanks for waiting!
Hi, Ash,
didn't you tell us
you were going to challenge
the Santalune Gym first?
Yeah. I'm pretty sure
the Gym leader
should be back by now.
I think the best way
to get to Santalune City
is by traveling Route 4
all the way there.
Then Route 4 it is!
Are you psyched, Pikachu?
[EXCITED]
Froakie, you're gonna be great.
[PLEASED]
So, why don't we hit the road?
‐ Well, let's go!
‐ Huh?
The sooner we leave,
the sooner we're there.
You don't have
to show me around anymore.
Really, Ash..
We're all really,
really good friends now, right?
So we're going with you.
No joke?
[SURPRISED]
We're serious.
Remember what you did
back there?
You showed me what it's like
to have real courage!
I know I can get stronger
we've both can get stronger
traveling with you!
You're right, Clemont.
‐ So? That okay?
‐ Of course it's okay!
Traveling with friends
is way more fun.
[laughing]
Alright, it's a deal!
‐ We'll have a great time!
‐ Yeah, we sure will!
Hey, no fair.
I can't reach!
[chuckling]
BONNIE 'Let's go meet
lots and lots of Pokémon!'
Right! Good friends!
Together!
Kalos, here we come!
ASH/BONNIE/CLEMONT
Yeah!
Rhyhorn.
Gotta go, wish me luck.
[PLEASED]
So do you know which
Pokémon you want?
Mm‐hmm.
‐ Which one?
‐ It's a Secret.
Hmm.
I'm off. Later!
Bye. Take care!
[EXERTION]
Don't forget to practice
your Rhyhorn racing!
I won't. Bye!
[EXERTION]
[sighs] I guess we'll
just see about that.
[EXERTION]
[HAPPY]
[laughing]
Hey, what's up you two?
[EXERTION]
[CURIOUS]
[WORRIED]
PIKACHU [SHOCKED]
FROAKIE
[AMAZED]
[CURIOUS]
‐ Aah!
‐ What was that?
‐ Bonnie, are you okay?
‐ Well, that was a shock!
What was it?
[SHOCKED]
Hmm. Maybe it wanted this?
BONNIE/CLEMONT
Huh?
[ANGRY]
Never seen that Pokémon.
Ohh! It's so cute!
[CONCERNED]
[CURIOUS]
It sure doesn't look like
it's afraid of us.
They're Electric types.
So they can communicate
with electricity.
Oh, so that's an Electric type.
POKEDEX
Dedenne, the Antenna Pokémon.
Dedenne communicates
long distance
'with other Dedenne
by sending radio waves'
'through its
antenna‐like whiskers.'
Wow!
So that's a Dedenne!
I want it so bad!
Hey, you'll keep it
for me, won't you?
‐ Keep it?
‐ Yeah.
He'll keep it for me
until I'm old enough
to become a Trainer.
Pretty, pretty please?
I promise I'll take care of it.
Hmm...let me see.
Aw, do it.
I can help you catch it
if you want?
You will?
Thanks a lot, Ash!
Alright then,
let's catch Dedenne.
Hmm. Huh? Right.
Hey, Dedenne,
you wanted this, right?
'It must've thought Pikachu
was gonna take it.'
Hmm, that's right.
Here take it.
[EXERTION]
[all gasp]
[SHOCKED]
Hey! What's the big idea?
'I've never seen
that Pokémon either.'
‐ It's a Fletchling.
‐ Aah!
No fair!
That berry belongs to Dedenne!
[HAPPY]
‐ Ohh!
‐ Fletchling eat the berry!
POKEDEX
Fletchling,
the Tiny Robin Pokémon.
Although Fletchling's chirp
is quite beautiful to hear
'it is relentlessly
tough with those'
'who enter its territory.'
DEDENNE
[CRYING]
[SHOCKED]
[CONCERNED]
‐ Huh!
‐ Hey, Dedenne?
What's the matter?
[CRYING]
Dedenne, wait!
I don't think it's going
to come back.
[CONCERNED]
[sobbing]
[ATTACK]
[DODGING]
CLEMONT
It dodged all of that!
Look at that.
Fletchling's fast.
Alright, I'm gonna
catch that Fletchling now!
[DETERMINED]
GROUP
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Fletchling!
CLEMONT Fletchling
is a Flying type.
Pikachu has the advantage
as an Electric type.
[sobbing]
[CONCERNED]/[ANGRY]
Kay, Pikachu, let's go!
[DETERMINED]/[ANGRY]
[SURPRISED]
[ATTACK]
[DODGING]
Come on, Froakie!
We've don't even have a plan!
Pikachu, use Thunderbolt!
[AGREEMENT]
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
[EXERTION]
[SURPRISED]
[DOUBLE TEAM MOVE]
CLEMONT
'It's using Double Team!'
[WATER PULSE MOVE]
[ATTACK]
[PAINED]
Froakie!
Ugh! Froakie, are you okay?
[WEAK]
Take it easy,
just let Pikachu handle this.
[AGREEMENT] [DETERMINED]
‐ Huh!
[STRUGGLING]
Ahh! Wait!
[EXERTION]
‐ Huh!
‐ Wait, Froakie!
Hold on.
Didn't Professor Sycamore
say that Froakie had a habit
of ignoring its Trainer
when battling?
‐ I'm starting to understand.
‐ Huh!
Stories about Froakie leaving
its Trainers...I get it!
‐ Huh?
‐ Huh!
[AMAZED]
My kingdom for
a little bit of breakfast.
My departed croissant.
It may be a bit oily for lunch,
but let's bend the rules.
Wow! I second that!
[all screaming]
JAMES
Come back, sandwich!
[sobbing]
JAMES
Huh? Huh!
Did you see what I just saw?
Something with
a touch of white?
A Pokémon, I'll bet?
[AGREEMENT]
[ATTACK]
[PECK MOVE] [PAINED]
Stop, Froakie!
Just chill out!
You're only gonna
end up hurting yourself.
[ANGRY]
I know how you feel, Froakie
but you've gotta listen to me.
‐ 'Ash!'
‐ Huh!
[RAZOR WIND MOVE]
[all screaming]
[groans]
Everybody okay?
[SURPRISED]
Pikachu? Froakie?
Clemont and Bonnie!
Are you guys okay too?
CLEMONT Yeah, Ash!
We're alright!
PIKACHU
[GLAD]
Hey, Froakie, I understand.
You wanted to get
even with Fletchling
for making Bonnie sad.
[SAD]
Is that true?
Thank you, Froakie!
[EMBARRASSED]
[EXERTION]
ASH 'But you can't do
that without a plan.'
Okay, Fletchling can fly.
So first we need to figure out
a way to lure it in.
[chuckles]
Well, you just leave it to me.
You see the future is now,
thanks to science.
'Clemontic Gear on!'
'Presenting my Flying‐Type
Pokémon Attracting Machine!'
Aww!
The name could
use a little work.
You see, bird Pokémon
have a homing instinct.
By using sound waves
of a certain frequency
this little invention of mine
can attract or repel
bird Pokémon by affecting
their internal compass.
Watch this, power on!
[CURIOUS]
‐ It's starting to work.
‐ So cool!
Man, science is amazing!
‐ Huh!
[YAWNING]
CLEMONT
'I don't understand?'
[SURPRISED]
‐ It makes no sense.
‐ Huh!
Hey, Clemont.
Something's staring at us.
[EXERTION]
Beedrill!
PIKACHU
[WORRIED]
CLEMONT
They were attracted by it?
Turn off the machine!
[ATTACK]
[all screaming]
They're coming after us!
Let's go!
[indistinct yelling]
I must've picked
too low a frequency!
And a higher frequency
would've worked
a whole lot better
on bird Pokémon!
'Let's try this!'
Stop it, Clemont, you're making
the Beedrill even
angrier than before!
I'm sure I can affect
the Flying type Pokémon
if I just crank
it up full blast!
Here it goes!
[explosion]
[Ash groaning]
BONNIE
Looks like you blew it again.
Huh, the Beedrill
are flying away?
We're fine now.
Is everybody okay?
‐ Yeah, I'm fine.
‐ But why?
Clemont, that was great.
You attracted
all those Beedrill!
Huh, I guess I did.
FLETCHLING
[LAUGHING]
Huh?
Hey, it's laughing at us.
[LAUGHING]
Huh!
I just got an idea.
MEOWTH
'That's a new Pokémon on me.'
‐ Huh? Inkay.
‐ Huh?
No, not huh.
That's its name.
[AGREEMENT]
Whatever its name,
let's make it ours!
Inkay, okay!
Then we'll just
have to battle it!
Take it away, Wobbuffet!
[EXCITED]
[ATTACK]
[ANNOYED]
Now that's what I call quit.
JAMES
'Alright, smarty pants.'
Feast your eyes on these!
[PLEASED]
JESSIE
'Our lunch!'
MEOWTH
I thought you were starving!
Inkay took the bait!
Watch this!
[SURPRISED]
[beeping]
‐ I've caught an Inkay!
‐ No way!
[EXERTION]
This is it.
The perfect place to battle.
'Time to settle the score!'
[EXCITED]
Settle the score?
He means he's going
to catch Fletchling.
Yup. Together!
I'm your Trainer, right?
That means it's you and me!
[AGREEMENT]
Great! This whole area will
be the battlefield!
It's full of high
and low places
and with your awesome
jumping skills, you'll rock!
[PROUD]
I have no idea
what any of that meant.
Go, Froakie.
Jump above Fletching!
Ready?
[EXERTION]
Yes! Now jump higher!
Ash is taking advantage of all
the different ledge heights
'and combined with those
amazing jumping skills'
'Froakie will have
even more mobility!'
FROAKIE
[EXERTION]
FLETCHLING [DODGING]
Now use Water Pulse!
[WATER PULSE MOVE]
Make it hard to fly!
[DETERMINED]
[ATTACK]
[DODGING]
CLEMONT
It's a decoy.
Great, Froakie!
Now Bubble, go!
[BUBBLE MOVE]
[PAINED]
Alright, go Poké Ball!
[beeping]
[all gasping]
[APPEARING]
BONNIE
No! It didn't work!
CLEMONT
You were so close!
[RAZOR WING MOVE]
It's attacking!
'Jump up and get above
it again!'
[DODGING]/[EXERTION]
Water Pulse!
[WATER PULSE MOVE]
[SCARED]/[PAINED]
[PAINED]
This time for sure!
Go, Poké Ball!
[beeping]
Yeah!
[all chuckling]
[giggling]
I've caught a Fletchling!
[EXCITED]
[TIRED]
[panting]
You okay, Froakie?
I caught Fletchling
'cause of you.
[WEAK] [EXCITED]
Wasn't that amazing?
Sure was. Froakie's jumping kept
getting better!
Same with your teamwork!
Yeah, I'm starting
to understand
a lot about Froakie, thanks!
[HAPPY] [AGREEMENT]
'Come on out, Fletchling!'
[APPEARING]/[HAPPY]
From now on, we're gonna
be good friends! All of us!
And, Fletchling, tell me
if you get hungry next time.
Because stealing
other Pokémon's food is bad.
[APOLOGETIC]
Okay, you're forgiven.
How about an Oran Berry
to celebrate our new friendship?
You too,
Pikachu and Froakie.
[HAPPY]
Great! Alright.
Let's all head
to the Santalune Gym!
NARRATOR And so, Ash has
another new friend,
Fletchling.
Now, as Ash,
Clemont and Bonnie
set their sights
on Santalune City
our heroes' journey
truly begins.
Hello?
Is Professor Sycamore around?
‐ That's me! I'm up here.
‐ Huh?
Hello there, I'm Serena.
I'll bet you're here to become
a Pokémon Trainer.
Yup.
Also, professor, I saw
this Trainer on the news.
The report was all about
how he had saved a Garchomp.
Oh, you're talking about Ash.
[thinking]
Ash! I knew it!
I'm afraid that he already left.
He's said that he was going
to challenge the Santalune Gym.
Santalune Gym. Hmm.
Professor,
may I choose a Pokémon?
Of course, and do you have any
idea which Pokémon you'd like?
‐ Yup.
‐ Alright, everybody out.
[EXCITED]
[chuckling]
SYCAMORE
'These are the Kalos Pokémon'
'new Trainers may chose from.'
'Fenniken, Chespin and Froakie.'
'Which Pokémon will you
choose as your partner?'
[theme music]